Hi Yamada It is Yamada rental Yamada
Today I would like to share the importance of air filters
If you are working in this way, remove the hair filter in the field etc.
But
This usage would be a good sprout quit immediately
Why? When Yogi piston of you can see, it is the expulsion of the foreigners movement
A piston ring is woven into the head of the piston and the tension of the ring
In the gap between the piston know the wall of Winder Fusae Masu Tei thereby
It can be compressed by the rise of the piston . If the engine is not compressed, it will
Even if it does not explode
What if the air that does not pass the filter enters there?
If sand gets in and damages the wall of the ring and cylinder
Air will be lost when the piston rises
You will not be able to compress enough
It means that the result engine does not start
This can not be cured without disassembling Endy
Replacement parts are not cheap either
Considerably higher Tsukimasu
Depending on the species you may cheap is better to buy the
Some people may think that the air filter is so important, but it is so
I 'll regret later if someone thinks it is an air filter
Fair filter parts themselves are quite cheap compared to the overhaul area
If you use a clean thing firmly, the life of the machine will be considerably extended
By doing distance maintenance , it will help the person who also uses the opportunity firmly
I think that
If you do not have time to do maintenance
Please do not hesitate to Yamada Rental
Please do maintenance weeks as well
Also please feel free to if you have such a point that I think do not know the body and questions with respect to opportunity
Call Yamada Rental
The staff will respond politely Thank you for watching until the end